DOCSP-41129: update docs (#21)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/write/update.txt

``updateMany()`` methods.

Sample Data
~~~~~~~~~~~

The examples in this guide use the ``sample_restaurants.restaurants`` collection
from the :atlas:`Atlas sample datasets </sample-data>`. To learn how to create a
free MongoDB Atlas cluster and load the sample datasets, see the
:atlas:`Get Started with Atlas </getting-started>` guide.

The documents in this collection are modeled by the following {+language+} data class:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/update.kt
   :start-after: start-data-class
   :end-before: end-data-class
   :language: kotlin
   :copyable:
   :dedent:

Update Operations
-----------------

You can update documents in MongoDB by using the following methods:

- ``updateOne()``, which updates *the first document* that matches the search criteria
- ``updateMany()``, which updates *all documents* that match the search criteria

Each update method requires the following parameters:

- **Query filter**, which matches which documents to update. To learn
  more about query filters, see the :ref:`kotlin-sync-specify-query`
  guide.
- **Update document**, which specifies the update operator, or the kind of update to

>   perform, and the fields and values that should change. For a list of update

Reviewer: There might be a better way to say this in active voice that I'm not thinking of, but to address the Vale flag:

```suggestion
  perform, and the fields and values to be updated. For a list of update
```

  operators and their usages, see the :manual:`Field Update Operators
  guide page</reference/operator/update-field/>` in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

Update One Document
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following example uses the ``updateOne()`` method to update the
``name`` value of a document from ``"Happy Garden"`` to ``"Mountain
House"``:

> .. literalinclude:: /includes/write/update.kt
>    :start-after: start-update-one
>    :end-before: end-update-one
>    :language: kotlin
>    :copyable:

Reviewer: Formatting tweak:
```suggestion
.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/update.kt
   :start-after: start-update-one
   :end-before: end-update-one
   :language: kotlin
   :copyable:
   :dedent:
```

Author: fixed all - guess i pushed this PR out too quickly yesterday..

Update Many Documents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following example uses the ``updateMany()`` method to update all documents
in which the ``name`` value is ``"Starbucks"``. The update renames the
``address`` field to ``location``.

> .. literalinclude:: /includes/write/update.kt
>    :start-after: start-update-many
>    :end-before: end-update-many
>    :language: kotlin
>    :copyable:

Reviewer: Same as above
```suggestion
.. literalinclude:: /includes/write/update.kt
   :start-after: start-update-many
   :end-before: end-update-many
   :language: kotlin
   :copyable:
   :dedent:
```

   :header-rows: 1

   * - Property
     - Description

   * - ``upsert()``
     - | Specifies whether the update operation performs an upsert operation if no 
         documents match the query filter. For more information, see the :manual:`upsert
         statement </reference/command/update/#std-label-update-command-upsert>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.
       | Defaults to ``false``

   * - ``bypassDocumentValidation()``
     - | Specifies whether the update operation bypasses document validation. This lets you 
         update documents that don't meet the schema validation requirements, if any 
         exist. For more information about schema validation, see :manual:`Schema
         Validation </core/schema-validation/#schema-validation>` in the MongoDB
         Server manual.
       | Defaults to ``false``.

   * - ``collation()``
     - | Specifies the kind of language collation to use when sorting
         results. For more information, see :manual:`Collation </reference/collation/#std-label-collation>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``arrayFilters()``
     - | Contains a list of filters that specifies which array elements an update applies

>          to.

Author: I can clarify.

   * - ``hint()``

>      - | Gets or sets the index to scan for documents. 

Reviewer: Q: The intro to this section refers to this collection of methods as "setter methods" but this method in particular mentions getting OR setting. Does it make sense to discuss the get functionality of this method within the context of this table?

Author: Ah, copypasta error. This is only a `set` method in this driver, `getHint()` would be the getter. Will review the descriptions.
